http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javli4txti java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javlia34z4 java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javlia35qe java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javlia367a java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javlia36q4 java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javlia37se java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javlia3f3m java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javlia3f24 java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javlia3f34 java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javlia3fzq java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javlia3gty java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javlia3h7i java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javlia3kz4 java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javlia3l64 java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javlia3lse java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javlia3o44 java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javlia3y3y java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javlia3yzy java.sql.SQLException: column TAG_CODE is not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javlia3z64 java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaa32a java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaa34q java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaa34e java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaa4rm java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaa4ty java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaa53y java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaa63m java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaa64u java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaa67a java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaa6ym java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaa6ye java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaa7qy java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaaa5e java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaaa74 java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaab6e java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaac6y java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaac7m java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaacs4 java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaacty java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaad3i java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaag54 java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaagtq java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaah3y java.sql.SQLException: columns STAR_CODE, ALIAS_NAME are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaam6i java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaantu java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaau3u java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaaz6m java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliab6qa java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliabbze java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliabd64 java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliabd6u java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliabp7e java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliabpte java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliadxsa java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliadzy4 java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliai22a java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliai22m java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliai2qy java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliai4qe java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliai64a java.sql.SQLException: columns STAR_CODE, ALIAS_NAME are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliai66q java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliai724 java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliai7ri java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaib4u java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaid54 java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaifti java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaig6i java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaio5y java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaioym java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaitri java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaiysi java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaj5z4 java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliajh4i java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliajlqu java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliajlqu java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaq24m java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaq66y java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaqh64 java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaqsye java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaqsym java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliargse java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliarhrm java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliarqs4 java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliatiri java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliatx7m java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliay324 java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliay4za java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaycti java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliayh3a java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliayiym java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaz534 java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaz56m java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliaz5qu java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliazcqu java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliazd5q java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javliazd5q java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javlib357e java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javlib3dra java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javlib3f5a java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javlib3h3q java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javlib3h3q java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javlib3h7i java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javlib3l3u java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/?v=javlib3o4i java.sql.SQLException: columns CODE, TYPE are not unique
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=j&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=27 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=30 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=30 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=27 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=27 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=34 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=34 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=34 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=25 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=6 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=25 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=6 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=27 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=34 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=34 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=27 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=30 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=27 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=27 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=6 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=25 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=25 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=32 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=14 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=5 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=34 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=27 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=12 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=25 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=30 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=11 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=32 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=6 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=14 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=16 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=34 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=34 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=34 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=16 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=14 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=14 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=32 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=32 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=11 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=33 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=30 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=30 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=30 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=25 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=12 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=25 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=27 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=12 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=30 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=30 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=30 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=19 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=c&page=2 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=11 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=30 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=30 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=30 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=30 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=30 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=30 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=16 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=7 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=15 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=34 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=34 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=4 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=17 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=10 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=3 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=34 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=34 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=34 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=34 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=34 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=34 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=n&page=20 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
http://j15av.com/cn/star_list.php?prefix=h&page=34 java.sql.SQLException: 3 values for 4 columns
INSERT INTO JAV_STAR_ALIAS(STAR_CODE,ALIAS_NAME) VALUES('azfci','西野エリカ') java.sql.SQLException: columns STAR_CODE, ALIAS_NAME are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AA-012',2,'k4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AA-012',3,'aqgq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AA-012','butq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-003',1,'ky3a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-003',2,'km') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-003',3,'dmta') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAA-003','o45a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAA-003','pzfa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAA-003','d4ma') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-004',1,'pi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-004',2,'km') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-004',3,'dmta') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAA-004','pm2a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-005',1,'pi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-005',2,'km') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-005',3,'dmta') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAA-005','aboa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-006',1,'ky3a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-006',2,'km') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-006',3,'dmta') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAA-006','o45a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AA-012',2,'k4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AA-012',3,'aqgq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AA-012','butq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-004',1,'pi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-004',2,'km') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-004',3,'dmta') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAA-004','pm2a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-005',1,'pi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-005',2,'km') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-005',3,'dmta') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAA-005','aboa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-007',1,'pi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-007',2,'km') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-007',3,'dmta') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001',2,'aquq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001',3,'bqma') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','la') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','aeya') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','luoq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','lu7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','ly6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','lyta') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','iuba') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','iuha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','iesa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','ifnq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','ia2a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','oyja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','ofaa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','onaa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','omja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','pqaa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','p4ga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','mfiq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','mndq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','mmta') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','jm5q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','cqha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','cy2a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','ca2q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','nmda') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','aqley') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','aqjee') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','aygqk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-002',2,'aquq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-002',3,'bqma') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-002','azaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-002','andq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-002','anoa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-002','k4sq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-002','keba') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-002','ke7q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-002','kava') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-002','km5a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-002','ki3q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-002','lvlq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-004',2,'aquq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-004',3,'bqma') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-004','lqna') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAJJ-02',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAJJ-02',3,'k5jq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJJ-02','aqme2') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAJJ-04',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAJJ-04',3,'k5jq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJJ-04','ijhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAK-001',2,'afdq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAK-001',3,'pnhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAK-001','ku5q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAK-002',2,'afdq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAK-002',3,'pnhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAK-002','kraq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAK-006',2,'aecq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAK-006',3,'pnhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAK-006','aqudo') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAK-010',2,'aecq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAK-010',3,'pnhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAK-010','bqla') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAO-001',2,'afdq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAO-001',3,'pnhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAO-001','djbq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAO-002',2,'afdq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAO-002',3,'pnhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAO-002','ayjuw') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAO-004',2,'afdq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAO-004',3,'pnhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAO-004','dyva') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAO-010',2,'afdq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAO-010',3,'pnhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAO-010','a4dak') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-03',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-03',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-03','irhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-03','i4ra') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-03','i4fa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-03','araqw') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-03','a4cb4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-04',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-04',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-04','i4na') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-04','oqeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-04','aqmey') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-04','a5ace') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-04','a4cb2') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-06',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-06',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-06','i4na') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-06','infa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-06','mnka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-06','aqdfk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-06','arncq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-10',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-10',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-10','jvpq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','afpq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','abga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','abia') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','am7q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','amfa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','ailq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','aiqa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','ajfa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','bqja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','bqra') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','bqhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','lu7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','p5ga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','piwa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','jbfa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','bmhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','araqq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','argds') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','aqmaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','aqmfq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','angq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','anmq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','dyra') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','jaqq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','jaxa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','jafa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','byia') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','byiq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','byja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','byjq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','bypa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','byna') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','byca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','bycq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','by6a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','bzpq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','cjaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','cifa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','ardbe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','aqmvk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-104',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-104',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-104','lu7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-11',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-11',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-11','jqha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-12',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-12',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-12','j47a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13','ieja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13','ifeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13','jqha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13','j4ca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13','a4je2') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13','a4psw') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-14',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-14',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-14','ijea') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-14','jqjq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-14','oqia') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-14','aqmte') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-14','aqmru') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','kaxa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','l4qa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','lnhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','ieaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','ny6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','aq2vk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','a5cte') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','a4ccm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','a4cck') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','lusa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','lqua') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','lfla') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','lm3q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','injq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','j47a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','mmaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','nuxa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','caxa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','aqufk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-18',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-18',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-18','ijhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-20',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-20',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-20','lu7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-20','inda') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-20','jvpq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-20','o43a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-20','o4eq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-21',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-21',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-21','o4ja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','ayhes') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','ay7ay') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','ay7cs') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','ay4ai') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','ay5f4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','aysbi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','ayxbe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','ayxcq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','ayfca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','azksy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-244',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-244',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-244','azccc') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','lu7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','imwa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','cnbq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','aqmfq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','azcsu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','azadk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','ayct4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','ay7vk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','ay7uq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','aywcm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','i4ra') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','jqgq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','o4hq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','onha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','jnoa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','drba') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','dqsa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','jagq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','a4cei') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','ayct4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','amfa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','ay7vk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','ay4ai') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','ay4ag') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','ay5f4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','aysbg') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','aysb4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','ayrts') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','ayxbe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','ayfca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-282',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-282',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-282','lm3q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','a4na') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','afpq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','aita') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','ajfa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','bula') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','bqja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','lu7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','ifeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','oauq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','p5ga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','pzfa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','pnba') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','piwa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','mvja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','nnga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','cnbq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','jbfa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','aqmfq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','aqmvg') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','arjcq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-98',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-98',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-98','piwa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-99',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-99',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-99','abga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-009',2,'arha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-009',3,'bqna') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-009','a5oa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010',2,'arha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010',3,'bqna') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','aboa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','brna') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','lu7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','o45a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','d4sq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','ayars') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','ayyco') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','ayzvs') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','ayrvg') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','azes6') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011',2,'arha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011',3,'bqna') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','oa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','om') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','aqvq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','lfca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','oy3a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','pveq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','puxq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','p4ua') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','pa3a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','azccc') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCD-005',2,'ajaa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCD-005',3,'lvja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCD-005','aqdbs') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCT-101',2,'jq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCT-101',3,'ayxa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCT-101','jvma') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCT-101','n4uq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCT-101','bmga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-007',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-007',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-007','aqecq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-008',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-008',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-008','kaba') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-010',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-010',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-010','aq2q4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-011',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-011',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-011','lmkq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-012',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-012',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-012','kiea') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-013',1,'kyrq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-013',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-013',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-013','irhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-014',1,'kyrq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-014',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-014',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-014','ardfa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-015',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-015',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-015','iieq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-016',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-016',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-016','cizq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-017',1,'kyrq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-017',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-017',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-017','injq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-018',1,'kyrq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-018',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-018',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-018','jqjq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-019',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-019',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-019','jvpq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-020',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-020',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-020','oq2a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-021',1,'kyrq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-021',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-021',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-021','oaua') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-022',1,'kyrq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-022',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-022',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-022','j4qq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-023',1,'kyrq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-023',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-023',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-023','pvka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-024',1,'kyrq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-024',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-024',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-024','pqza') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-022',1,'ayka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-022',2,'by') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-022',3,'amkq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABF-022','lu7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-027',1,'ayka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-027',2,'by') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-027',3,'amkq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABF-027','ay6a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-079',1,'ayka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-079',2,'by') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-079',3,'amkq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABF-079','ayhay') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-087',1,'ayka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-087',2,'by') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-087',3,'amkq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABF-087','lu7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-088',1,'ayka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-088',2,'by') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-088',3,'amkq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABF-088','azgry') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABF-088','ayhay') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-013',1,'lmnq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-013',2,'afja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-013',3,'dm6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-013','ayqs4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-014',1,'lmnq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-014',2,'afja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-014',3,'dm6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-014','ay3ao') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-016',1,'lmnq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-016',2,'afja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-016',3,'dm6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-016','aq5c2') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-017',1,'lmnq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-017',2,'afja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-017',3,'dm6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-017','a5efy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-019',1,'lmnq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-019',2,'afja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-019',3,'dm6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-019','arjei') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-020',1,'lmnq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-020',2,'afja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-020',3,'dm6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-020','lzpa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-023',1,'j5ia') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-023',2,'afja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-023',3,'dm6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-023','ay3ao') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-024',1,'lmnq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-024',2,'afja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-024',3,'dm6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-024','ayqfk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-005',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-005',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-005','k4ka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-005','lurq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-005','iefa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-005','oi4a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-005','nrgq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-010',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-010',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-010','kybq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-010','keeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-010','karq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-010','ki7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-010','kiwq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-010','lqha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-010','jmpa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-017',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-017',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-017','kyvq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-017','kbga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-017','karq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-017','jmpa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-017','nm3q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-082',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-082',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-082','kmua') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-082','nqca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-082','cewa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-082','cmqq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-082','dvoq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-086',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-086',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-086','ifba') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-086','nrmq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-086','a4nc4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-131',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-131',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-131','l4la') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-131','oaxa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-131','mqga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-131','nuhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-134',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-134',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-134','lmcq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-134','im6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-134','pmsa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-134','mqga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-134','cbnq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-135',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-135',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-135','lnaa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-135','nuwa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-135','n4yq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-137',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-137',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-137','oq6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-137','mzna') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-137','mmzq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-137','dqeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-141',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-141',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-141','kava') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-141','nvnq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-141','nq2q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-143',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-143',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-143','laka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-143','oaia') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-143','pfeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-143','myea') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-143','mfpq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-144',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-144',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-144','lbda') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-144','ljda') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-144','omsa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-144','niqq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-144','arlsk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-144','aelqo') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-145',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-145',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-145','omsa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-145','pfeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-145','muva') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-145','meuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-152',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-152',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-152','lnaa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-152','lmcq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-152','iqja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-152','iida') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-152','oiba') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-152','mefa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-162',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-162',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-162','iq6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-162','iyjq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-162','o4wa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-162','oaxa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-162','m5ba') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-162','durq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-163',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-163',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-163','l4pa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-163','l42a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-163','ljda') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-163','cyqq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-163','ni4q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-164',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-164',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-164','lzoq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-164','pfeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-164','ouda') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-164','ceaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-165',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-165',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-165','kika') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-165','lnma') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-165','iyvq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-165','meja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-166',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-166',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-166','ke2a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-166','lbda') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-166','meaa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-166','cboa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-166','aelqo') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-195',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-195',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-195','jqeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-195','pyuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-195','mera') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-195','n5ka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-195','dqeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197','k5oa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197','ka6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197','li5q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197','pmka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197','pjna') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197','mafa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197','misq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197','nuhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197','ovaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197','dqeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197','armce') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197','a4nc2') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-201',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-201',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-201','lqsa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-201','j4kq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-201','meba') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-201','cq4a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-201','cnkq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-201','dqeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-202',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-202',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-202','lqeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-202','oqba') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-202','nvnq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-202','nq2q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-202','ni4q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-202','a4ncy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-204',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-204',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-204','kfea') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-204','lzoq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-204','ouda') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-204','ouza') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-204','duwa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-214',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-214',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-214','kzhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-214','keva') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-214','ki3q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-214','om5a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-214','pm7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-214','cmaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-214','dqka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215','k5oa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215','irfq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215','i4ua') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215','imia') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215','jqeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215','oina') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215','pjna') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215','muuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215','mraq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215','meja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215','ca6a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215','a4ncw') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-216',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-216',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-216','lreq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-216','orca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-216','jmla') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-216','cyqq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-216','aelqo') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-217',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-217',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-217','lvca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-217','lvea') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-217','oi3a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-217','nvnq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-217','a4ncy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-218',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-218',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-218','leiq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-218','lmcq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-218','liwq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-218','ouda') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-218','ouza') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-221',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-221',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-221','kmya') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-221','lepq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-221','irfq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-221','om5a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-221','pm7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-221','pjna') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-221','mraq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-221','mqga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-221','mjcq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-221','nraa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-235',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-235',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-235','leiq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-235','ieqq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-235','oina') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-235','para') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-235','my5a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-237',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-237',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-237','nqia') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-237','nqca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-237','n4fa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-237','cqua') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-237','cexa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-238',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-238',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-238','oaia') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-238','oiba') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-238','mqwq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-238','nu6a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-238','nqca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-190',2,'aa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-190',3,'deka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABP-190','ay5a4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-192',1,'oybq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-192',2,'aa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-192',3,'deka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABP-192','ayzb2') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-194',1,'kicq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-194',2,'aa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-194',3,'deka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABP-194','ay7do') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-195',1,'oyka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-195',2,'aa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-195',3,'deka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABP-195','ay4fg') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-196',1,'kycq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-196',2,'aa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-196',3,'deka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABP-196','aecqa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-197',1,'aauq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-197',2,'aa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-197',3,'deka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABP-197','ayote') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-198',1,'kicq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('CMA-023',1,'j5aq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('CMA-023',2,'arga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('CMA-023',3,'beua') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('CMA-023','kiba') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('CMA-023','o4wq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('PSSD-072',2,'mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('PSSD-072',3,'aeiq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('PSSD-072','kqnq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('PSSD-072','keva') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AA-012',2,'k4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AA-012',3,'aqgq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AA-012','butq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-004',1,'pi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-004',2,'km') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-004',3,'dmta') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAA-004','pm2a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-005',1,'pi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-005',2,'km') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-005',3,'dmta') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAA-005','aboa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001',2,'aquq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001',3,'bqma') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','la') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','aeya') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','luoq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','lu7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','ly6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','lyta') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','iuba') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','iuha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','iesa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','ifnq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','ia2a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','oyja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','ofaa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','onaa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','omja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','pqaa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','p4ga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','mfiq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','mndq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','mmta') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','jm5q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','cqha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','cy2a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','ca2q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','nmda') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','aqley') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','aqjee') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','aygqk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-004',2,'aquq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-004',3,'bqma') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-004','lqna') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAJJ-02',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAJJ-02',3,'k5jq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJJ-02','aqme2') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAJJ-04',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAJJ-04',3,'k5jq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJJ-04','ijhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAK-001',2,'afdq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAK-001',3,'pnhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAK-001','ku5q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAK-002',2,'afdq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAK-002',3,'pnhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAK-002','kraq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAK-006',2,'aecq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAK-006',3,'pnhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAK-006','aqudo') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAK-010',2,'aecq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAK-010',3,'pnhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAK-010','bqla') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAO-001',2,'afdq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAO-001',3,'pnhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAO-001','djbq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAO-002',2,'afdq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAO-002',3,'pnhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAO-002','ayjuw') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAO-004',2,'afdq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAO-004',3,'pnhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAO-004','dyva') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAO-010',2,'afdq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAO-010',3,'pnhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAO-010','a4dak') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-03',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-03',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-03','irhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-03','i4ra') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-03','i4fa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-03','araqw') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-03','a4cb4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-04',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-04',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-04','i4na') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-04','oqeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-04','aqmey') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-04','a5ace') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-04','a4cb2') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-06',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-06',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-06','i4na') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-06','infa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-06','mnka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-06','aqdfk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-06','arncq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-10',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-10',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-10','jvpq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','afpq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','abga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','abia') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','am7q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','amfa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','ailq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','aiqa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','ajfa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','bqja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','bqra') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','bqhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','lu7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','p5ga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','piwa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','jbfa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','bmhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','araqq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','argds') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','aqmaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','aqmfq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','angq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','anmq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','dyra') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','jaqq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','jaxa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','jafa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','byia') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','byiq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','byja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','byjq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','bypa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','byna') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','byca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','bycq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','by6a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','bzpq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','cjaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','cifa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','ardbe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','aqmvk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-104',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-104',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-104','lu7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-11',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-11',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-11','jqha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-12',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-12',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-12','j47a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13','ieja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13','ifeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13','jqha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13','j4ca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13','a4je2') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13','a4psw') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-14',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-14',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-14','ijea') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-14','jqjq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-14','oqia') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-14','aqmte') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-14','aqmru') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','kaxa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','l4qa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','lnhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','ieaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','ny6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','aq2vk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','a5cte') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','a4ccm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','a4cck') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','lusa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','lqua') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','lfla') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','lm3q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','injq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','j47a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','mmaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','nuxa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','caxa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','aqufk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-18',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-18',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-18','ijhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-20',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-20',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-20','lu7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-20','inda') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-20','jvpq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-20','o43a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-20','o4eq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-21',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-21',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-21','o4ja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','ayhes') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','ay7ay') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','ay7cs') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','ay4ai') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','ay5f4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','aysbi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','ayxbe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','ayxcq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','ayfca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','azksy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-244',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-244',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-244','azccc') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','lu7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','imwa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','cnbq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','aqmfq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','azcsu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','azadk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','ayct4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','ay7vk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','ay7uq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','aywcm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','i4ra') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','jqgq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','o4hq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','onha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','jnoa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','drba') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','dqsa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','jagq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','a4cei') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','ayct4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','amfa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','ay7vk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','ay4ai') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','ay4ag') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','ay5f4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','aysbg') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','aysb4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','ayrts') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','ayxbe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','ayfca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-282',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-282',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-282','lm3q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','a4na') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','afpq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','aita') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','ajfa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','bula') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','bqja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','lu7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','ifeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','oauq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','p5ga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','pzfa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','pnba') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','piwa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','mvja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','nnga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','cnbq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','jbfa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','aqmfq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','aqmvg') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','arjcq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-98',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-98',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-98','piwa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-99',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-99',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-99','abga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-009',2,'arha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-009',3,'bqna') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-009','a5oa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010',2,'arha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010',3,'bqna') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','aboa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','brna') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','lu7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','o45a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','d4sq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','ayars') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','ayyco') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','ayzvs') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','ayrvg') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','azes6') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011',2,'arha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011',3,'bqna') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','oa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','om') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','aqvq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','lfca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','oy3a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','pveq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','puxq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','p4ua') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','pa3a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','azccc') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCD-005',2,'ajaa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCD-005',3,'lvja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCD-005','aqdbs') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCT-101',2,'jq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCT-101',3,'ayxa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCT-101','jvma') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCT-101','n4uq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCT-101','bmga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-007',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-007',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-007','aqecq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-008',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-008',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-008','kaba') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-010',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-010',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-010','aq2q4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-011',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-011',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-011','lmkq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-012',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-012',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-012','kiea') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AA-012',2,'k4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AA-012',3,'aqgq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AA-012','butq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AA-012','ke') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AA-012','oq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AA-012','pq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AA-012','m4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-004',1,'pi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-004',2,'km') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-004',3,'dmta') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAA-004','pm2a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAA-004','lq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAA-004','pq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAA-004','n4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-005',1,'pi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-005',2,'km') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAA-005',3,'dmta') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAA-005','aboa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAA-005','lq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001',2,'aquq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001',3,'bqma') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','la') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','aeya') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','luoq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','lu7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','ly6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','lyta') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','iuba') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','iuha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','iesa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','ifnq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','ia2a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','oyja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','ofaa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','onaa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','omja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','pqaa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','p4ga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','mfiq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','mndq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','mmta') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','jm5q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','cqha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','cy2a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','ca2q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','nmda') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','aqley') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','aqjee') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','aygqk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-001','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-004',2,'aquq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-004',3,'bqma') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-004','lqna') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-004','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAJ-004','me') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAJJ-02',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAJJ-02',3,'k5jq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJJ-02','aqme2') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAJJ-02','ky') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAJJ-02','ie') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAJJ-02','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAJJ-02','aqyq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAJJ-04',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAJJ-04',3,'k5jq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAJJ-04','ijhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAJJ-04','ky') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAJJ-04','p4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAJJ-04','ou') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAJJ-04','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAK-001',2,'afdq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAK-001',3,'pnhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAK-001','ku5q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAK-001','lq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAK-001','bm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAK-001','aqtq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAK-002',2,'afdq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAK-002',3,'pnhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAK-002','kraq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAK-002','lq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAK-002','jq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAK-002','jm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAK-002','aqtq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAK-006',2,'aecq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAK-006',3,'pnhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAK-006','aqudo') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAK-006','mi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAK-006','jm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAK-010',2,'aecq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAK-010',3,'pnhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAK-010','bqla') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAK-010','oi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAK-010','bm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAO-001',2,'afdq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAO-001',3,'pnhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAO-001','djbq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAO-001','pe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAO-001','mq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAO-001','m4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAO-001','ou') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAO-001','na') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAO-002',2,'afdq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAO-002',3,'pnhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAO-002','ayjuw') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAO-002','pe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAO-002','mq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAO-002','ou') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAO-002','na') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAO-004',2,'afdq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAO-004',3,'pnhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAO-004','dyva') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAO-004','pe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAO-004','mq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAO-004','m4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAO-004','ou') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAO-004','na') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAO-010',2,'afdq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('AAO-010',3,'pnhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('AAO-010','a4dak') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAO-010','le') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAO-010','lm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAO-010','mq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('AAO-010','ou') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-03',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-03',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-03','irhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-03','i4ra') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-03','i4fa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-03','araqw') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-03','a4cb4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-03','ky') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-03','p4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-03','ou') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-03','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-03','aqdq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-04',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-04',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-04','i4na') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-04','oqeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-04','aqmey') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-04','a5ace') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-04','a4cb2') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-04','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-04','di') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-04','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-04','aqaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-06',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-06',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-06','i4na') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-06','infa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-06','mnka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-06','aqdfk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-06','arncq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-06','ky') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-06','iq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-06','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-06','di') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-06','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-10',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-10',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-10','jvpq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-10','ke') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-10','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-10','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','afpq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','abga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','abia') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','am7q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','amfa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','ailq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','aiqa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','ajfa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','bqja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','bqra') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','bqhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','lu7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','p5ga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','piwa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','jbfa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','bmhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','araqq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','argds') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','aqmaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','aqmfq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','p4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','nu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-102','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','angq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','anmq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','dyra') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','jaqq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','jaxa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','jafa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','byia') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','byiq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','byja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','byjq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','bypa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','byna') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','byca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','bycq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','by6a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','bzpq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','cjaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','cifa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','ardbe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','aqmvk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','p4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','pa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-103','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-104',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-104',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-104','lu7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-104','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-104','p4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-104','be') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-104','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-11',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-11',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-11','jqha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-11','ky') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-11','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-11','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-12',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-12',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-12','j47a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-12','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-12','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13','ieja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13','ifeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13','jqha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13','j4ca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13','a4je2') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13','a4psw') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13','di') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-13','aqaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-14',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-14',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-14','ijea') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-14','jqjq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-14','oqia') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-14','aqmte') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-14','aqmru') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-14','ky') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-14','ke') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-14','p4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-14','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-14','aqdq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','kaxa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','l4qa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','lnhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','ieaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','ny6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','aq2vk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','a5cte') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','a4ccm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','a4cck') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','p4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','py') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-15','aq3q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','lusa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','lqua') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','lfla') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','lm3q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','injq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','j47a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','mmaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','nuxa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','caxa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','aqufk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','pq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-16','aqaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-18',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-18',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-18','ijhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-18','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-18','pq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-18','jm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-18','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-20',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-20',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-20','lu7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-20','inda') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-20','jvpq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-20','o43a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-20','o4eq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-20','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-20','be') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-20','di') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-20','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-21',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-21',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-21','o4ja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-21','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-21','nu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-21','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','ayhes') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','ay7ay') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','ay7cs') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','ay4ai') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','ay5f4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','aysbi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','ayxbe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','ayxcq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','ayfca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','azksy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','ky') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','p4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','be') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-241','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-244',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-244',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-244','azccc') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-244','ky') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-244','lq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-244','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-244','p4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-244','be') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-244','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','lu7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','imwa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','cnbq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','aqmfq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','azcsu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','azadk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','ayct4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','ay7vk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','ay7uq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','aywcm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','pq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','p4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','py') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','be') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-246','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','i4ra') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','jqgq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','o4hq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','onha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','jnoa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','drba') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','dqsa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','jagq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','a4cei') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','ayct4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','p4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','be') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','di') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-248','aqaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','amfa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','ay7vk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','ay4ai') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','ay4ag') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','ay5f4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','aysbg') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','aysb4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','ayrts') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','ayxbe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','ayfca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','ky') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','p4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','be') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-251','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-282',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-282',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-282','lm3q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-282','ky') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-282','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-282','p4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-282','be') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-282','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','a4na') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','afpq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','aita') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','ajfa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','bula') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','bqja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','lu7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','ifeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','oauq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','p5ga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','pzfa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','pnba') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','piwa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','mvja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','nnga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','cnbq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','jbfa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','aqmfq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','aqmvg') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','arjcq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','ky') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','p4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','ou') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-93','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-98',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-98',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-98','piwa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-98','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-98','p4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-98','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-98','nu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-98','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-99',2,'ayuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-99',3,'k5ha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-99','abga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-99','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-99','p4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABBA-99','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-009',2,'arha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-009',3,'bqna') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-009','a5oa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-009','ai') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-009','lq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-009','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-009','pq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-009','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-009','araa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010',2,'arha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010',3,'bqna') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','aboa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','brna') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','lu7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','o45a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','d4sq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','ayars') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','ayyco') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','ayzvs') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','ayrvg') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','azes6') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','p4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','di') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-010','aroq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011',2,'arha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011',3,'bqna') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','oa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','om') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','aqvq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','lfca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','oy3a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','pveq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','puxq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','p4ua') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','pa3a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','azccc') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','bq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','pq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','p4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABCB-011','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCD-005',2,'ajaa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCD-005',3,'lvja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCD-005','aqdbs') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABCD-005','mq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABCD-005','a5gq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCT-101',2,'jq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABCT-101',3,'ayxa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCT-101','jvma') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCT-101','n4uq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABCT-101','bmga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABCT-101','le') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABCT-101','la') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABCT-101','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABCT-101','cm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABCT-101','be') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABCT-101','aqma') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-007',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-007',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-007','aqecq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-007','oi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-007','di') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-007','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-007','aqaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-008',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-008',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-008','kaba') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-008','pa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-008','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-008','di') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-008','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-008','arfa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-010',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-010',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-010','aq2q4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-010','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-010','di') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-010','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-010','aqaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-011',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-011',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-011','lmkq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-011','oi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-011','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-011','di') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-011','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-011','aqaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-012',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-012',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-012','kiea') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-012','pq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-012','pa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-012','di') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-012','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-012','aqaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-013',1,'kyrq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-013',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-013',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-013','irhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-013','bq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-013','oi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-013','di') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-013','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-013','aqaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-014',1,'kyrq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-014',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-014',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-014','ardfa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-014','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-014','dq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-014','di') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-014','aqaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-015',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-015',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-015','iieq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-015','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-015','di') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-015','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-016',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-016',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-016','cizq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-016','oi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-016','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-016','di') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-016','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-017',1,'kyrq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-017',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-017',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-017','injq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-017','pa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-017','di') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-017','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-017','aqaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-017','aroq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-018',1,'kyrq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-018',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-018',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-018','jqjq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-018','nu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-018','di') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-018','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-018','aqaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-018','aroq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-019',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-019',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-019','jvpq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-019','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-019','di') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-019','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-019','aqaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-020',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-020',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-020','oq2a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-020','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-020','di') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-020','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-020','aqaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-021',1,'kyrq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-021',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-021',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-021','oaua') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-021','bu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-021','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-021','di') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-021','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-021','aqaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-022',1,'kyrq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-022',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-022',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-022','j4qq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-022','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-022','jm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-022','di') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-022','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-022','aqaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-023',1,'kyrq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-023',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-023',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-023','pvka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-023','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-023','di') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-023','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-023','aqaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-024',1,'kyrq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-024',2,'iy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABD-024',3,'laca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABD-024','pqza') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-024','nu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-024','di') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-024','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABD-024','aqaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-022',1,'ayka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-022',2,'by') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-022',3,'amkq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABF-022','lu7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-022','bu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-022','oy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-022','nm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-022','ci') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-022','a4ca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-027',1,'ayka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-027',2,'by') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-027',3,'amkq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABF-027','ay6a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-027','bu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-027','oy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-027','pq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-027','pa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-027','a4ca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-079',1,'ayka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-079',2,'by') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-079',3,'amkq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABF-079','ayhay') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-079','bu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-079','lq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-079','im') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-079','oy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-079','pi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-087',1,'ayka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-087',2,'by') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-087',3,'amkq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABF-087','lu7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-087','bu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-087','ke') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-087','lq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-087','pa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-087','ce') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-087','nm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-087','je') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-087','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-088',1,'ayka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-088',2,'by') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABF-088',3,'amkq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABF-088','azgry') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABF-088','ayhay') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-088','bu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-088','oy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-088','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-088','ce') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-088','be') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABF-088','a4ca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-013',1,'lmnq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-013',2,'afja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-013',3,'dm6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-013','ayqs4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-013','la') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-013','oq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-013','pq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-013','arga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-013','aqyq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-014',1,'lmnq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-014',2,'afja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-014',3,'dm6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-014','ay3ao') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-014','ky') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-014','lq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-014','pq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-014','arda') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-014','arga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-014','aqyq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-016',1,'lmnq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-016',2,'afja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-016',3,'dm6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-016','aq5c2') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-016','pq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-016','arga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-016','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-016','aqyq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-017',1,'lmnq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-017',2,'afja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-017',3,'dm6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-017','a5efy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-017','pq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-017','ma') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-017','arga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-017','argq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-017','aqyq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-019',1,'lmnq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-019',2,'afja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-019',3,'dm6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-019','arjei') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-019','ky') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-019','pq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-019','p4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-019','arga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-019','aqyq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-020',1,'lmnq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-020',2,'afja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-020',3,'dm6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-020','lzpa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-020','lq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-020','pq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-020','nm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-020','arga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-020','aqyq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-023',1,'j5ia') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-023',2,'afja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-023',3,'dm6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-023','ay3ao') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-023','lq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-023','jq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-023','pq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-023','arga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-023','aqma') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-023','aqyq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-024',1,'lmnq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-024',2,'afja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-024',3,'dm6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-024','ayqfk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-024','lq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-024','nm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-024','arga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-024','aqia') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-024','aqyq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABNOMAL-024','a5ga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-005',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-005',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-005','k4ka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-005','lurq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-005','iefa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-005','oi4a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-005','nrgq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-005','km') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-005','la') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-005','pi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-005','nu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-010',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-010',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-010','kybq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-010','keeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-010','karq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-010','ki7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-010','kiwq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-010','lqha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-010','jmpa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-010','km') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-010','pu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-010','m4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-010','nm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-010','arda') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-017',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-017',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-017','kyvq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-017','kbga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-017','karq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-017','jmpa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-017','nm3q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-017','pq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-017','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-082',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-082',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-082','kmua') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-082','nqca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-082','cewa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-082','cmqq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-082','dvoq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-082','pq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-082','pi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-082','nu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-086',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-086',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-086','ifba') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-086','nrmq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-086','a4nc4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-086','li') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-086','pq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-086','je') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-086','b4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-131',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-131',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-131','l4la') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-131','oaxa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-131','mqga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-131','nuhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-131','ke') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-131','ki') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-131','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-134',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-134',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-134','lmcq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-134','im6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-134','pmsa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-134','mqga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-134','cbnq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-134','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-134','nu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-135',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-135',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-135','lnaa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-135','nuwa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-135','n4yq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-135','ke') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-135','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-135','nu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-137',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-137',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-137','oq6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-137','mzna') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-137','mmzq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-137','dqeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-137','pa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-137','nu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-137','ou') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-137','du') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-141',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-141',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-141','kava') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-141','nvnq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-141','nq2q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-141','ki') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-141','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-141','nu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-143',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-143',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-143','laka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-143','oaia') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-143','pfeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-143','myea') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-143','mfpq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-143','ki') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-143','nu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-144',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-144',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-144','lbda') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-144','ljda') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-144','omsa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-144','niqq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-144','arlsk') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-144','aelqo') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-144','ki') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-144','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-144','nu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-144','dq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-145',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-145',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-145','omsa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-145','pfeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-145','muva') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-145','meuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-145','ke') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-145','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-145','nu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-152',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-152',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-152','lnaa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-152','lmcq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-152','iqja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-152','iida') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-152','oiba') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-152','mefa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-152','ke') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-152','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-152','mi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-152','dq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-162',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-162',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-162','iq6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-162','iyjq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-162','o4wa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-162','oaxa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-162','m5ba') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-162','durq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-162','ai') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-162','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-162','nu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-163',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-163',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-163','l4pa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-163','l42a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-163','ljda') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-163','cyqq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-163','ni4q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-163','ai') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-163','oi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-163','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-163','mi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-163','nu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-164',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-164',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-164','lzoq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-164','pfeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-164','ouda') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-164','ceaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-164','ke') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-164','oi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-164','nu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-164','dq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-165',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-165',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-165','kika') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-165','lnma') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-165','iyvq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-165','meja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-165','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-165','nu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-165','arca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-166',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-166',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-166','ke2a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-166','lbda') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-166','meaa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-166','cboa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-166','aelqo') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-166','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-166','nu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-166','dq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-195',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-195',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-195','jqeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-195','pyuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-195','mera') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-195','n5ka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-195','dqeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-195','ai') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-195','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-195','mi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197','k5oa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197','ka6q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197','li5q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197','pmka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197','pjna') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197','mafa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197','misq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197','nuhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197','ovaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197','dqeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197','armce') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197','a4nc2') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197','pq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-197','d4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-201',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-201',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-201','lqsa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-201','j4kq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-201','meba') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-201','cq4a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-201','cnkq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-201','dqeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-201','oi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-201','pa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-201','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-202',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-202',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-202','lqeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-202','oqba') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-202','nvnq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-202','nq2q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-202','ni4q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-202','a4ncy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-202','oi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-202','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-202','nu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-204',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-204',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-204','kfea') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-204','lzoq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-204','ouda') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-204','ouza') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-204','duwa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-204','ke') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-204','nu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-214',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-214',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-214','kzhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-214','keva') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-214','ki3q') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-214','om5a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-214','pm7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-214','cmaq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-214','dqka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-214','k4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-214','la') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-214','dq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215','k5oa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215','irfq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215','i4ua') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215','imia') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215','jqeq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215','oina') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215','pjna') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215','muuq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215','mraq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215','meja') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215','ca6a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215','a4ncw') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215','pq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215','nu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-215','dq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-216',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-216',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-216','lreq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-216','orca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-216','jmla') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-216','cyqq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-216','aelqo') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-216','oi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-216','pa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-216','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-216','dq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-217',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-217',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-217','lvca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-217','lvea') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-217','oi3a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-217','nvnq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-217','a4ncy') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-217','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-217','nu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-217','dq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-218',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-218',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-218','leiq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-218','lmcq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-218','liwq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-218','ouda') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-218','ouza') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-218','ai') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-218','ki') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-218','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-221',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-221',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-221','kmya') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-221','lepq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-221','irfq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-221','om5a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-221','pm7a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-221','pjna') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-221','mraq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-221','mqga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-221','mjcq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-221','nraa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-221','ai') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-221','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-221','aqkq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-235',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-235',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-235','leiq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-235','ieqq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-235','oina') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-235','para') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-235','my5a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-235','ai') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-235','oi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-235','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-237',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-237',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-237','nqia') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-237','nqca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-237','n4fa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-237','cqua') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-237','cexa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-237','oe') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-237','oi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-237','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-237','nu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-238',2,'iiha') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-238',3,'nqsq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-238','oaia') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-238','oiba') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-238','mqwq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-238','nu6a') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-238','nqca') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-238','mm') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABOD-238','nu') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-190',2,'aa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-190',3,'deka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABP-190','ay5a4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABP-190','ki') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABP-190','lq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABP-190','m4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABP-190','me') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABP-190','aqoa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-192',1,'oybq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-192',2,'aa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-192',3,'deka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABP-192','ayzb2') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABP-192','lq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABP-192','p4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABP-192','ma') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABP-192','aqga') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-194',1,'kicq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-194',2,'aa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-194',3,'deka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABP-194','ay7do') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABP-194','lq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABP-194','i4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABP-194','ni') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABP-194','aroa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-195',1,'oyka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-195',2,'aa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-195',3,'deka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABP-195','ay4fg') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABP-195','ky') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABP-195','ke') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABP-195','lq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABP-195','d4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-196',1,'kycq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-196',2,'aa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-196',3,'deka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABP-196','aecqa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABP-196','bq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABP-196','lq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABP-196','ia') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABP-196','c4') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-197',1,'aauq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-197',2,'aa') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_MAKEDESCS(MV_CODE,MD_TYPE,MD_CODE) VALUES('ABP-197',3,'deka') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, MD_TYPE, MD_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_STAR(MV_CODE,STAR_CODE) VALUES('ABP-197','ayote') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, STAR_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABP-197','lq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABP-197','pi') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
INSERT INTO JAV_MV_TAGS(MV_CODE,TAG_CODE) VALUES('ABP-197','aqhq') java.sql.SQLException: columns MV_CODE, TAG_CODE are not unique
